feat: Improve 404 page navigation (#252)
namesakefyi/namesake: .changeset/weak-numbers-stare.md

---
"namesake": minor
---

> Improved the 404 page by adding navigation to the home page, enhancing user experience and accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add navigation links and logo to the 404 page
```
Generally I try to keep these changelog messages short!
